Thank you so much, Olivia.
You saved Will's life, he's doing much better.
I want you to do me another favor.
Mary Will.
And be my granddaughter-in-law.
What?
Miss Foster, that's not how people say thank you.
You know, I have to go.
Stop!
People light!
God, they're overreacting.
I'm so sorry, Olivia.
But please, let me finish.
Will is a good man.
He took over the family business at 18,
and took it to new heights.
The company's pocket value is now over a trillion dollars.
I mean, that is really impressive, Mrs. Foster.
Look, I've heard stories about the Foster's youngest grandson,
that he's quite the ladies' man.
And I'm not really in a min like that, so.
Uncense, Will is not like that at all.
Your grandmother is in the hospital, right?
And you are still in law school.
If you bury my grandson,
you and your family will always be well taken care of.
Take this, will you?